#summary Configuration detail
----
= Common configuration =
Common configuration between PPM Sum and standard receiver.


== DJI Naza GPS ==

If you need to display the following things :

 * Number of satellites
 * GPS Fix
 * Satellite HDOP information (GPS quality signal)
 * Home distance
 * Absolute Altitude or Altitude above Home
 * Ground speed
 * Home direction (accurate information only when copter is moving)

You have to connect the DJI Naza GPS to the *pin 8* of the Arduino. For this you should plug the GPS wire you have soldered to the *pin 8* of Arduino.
The easiest way to do that, is to plug this wire directly to "connection cable" you made. 

You have two options to get GPS Naza data :

 # [uBloxSolder Solder] a wire directely on the GPS Naza
 # Build an [NazaConnector adapter] to directely get GPS Naza information, and keep Naza GPS connected to Naza Main Controller 


== DJI Naza gimbal output ==

If you need to display an artificial horizon

If you don't use any gimbal connected to your DJI Naza, and you want to display an artificial horizon, you can then use the gimbal output of DJI Naza for this.
 * Gimbal Roll  (Pin 4) : For roll artificial horizon information
 * Gimbal Pitch (Pin 5) : For pitch artificial horizon information

You may have to adjust the gimbal gain of your DJI Naza, to have a proper display. For exemple you can set _pitch gain to 12 and roll gain to 8_


== Current Sensor ==

If you need to display the following things :

 * Instant current consumption
 * Real battery remaining 

Connect current sensor to pin A3, if you want to display current information. *Please notice, that current sensor output should not be above 5V*

If you're flying with a [http://team-blacksheep.com TBS Discovery Frame] you can use the current sensor coming in standard with this frame.
The parameter configuration is
{{{
#define CURRENT_FACTOR             2.05  
}}}


== Voltage Sensor ==

If you need to display the following things :

 * Battery voltage
 * Estimate battery remaining 

Connect voltage sensor to pin A0, if you want to display voltage information. *Please notice, that voltage information should be lower than 5V*, so you have to use a voltage sensor (voltage divider).
If you don't have any voltage sensor, you can build it with resistors ([http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voltage_divider Voltage divider]) or you can use a cheap one, for exemple the !FrSky Battery Voltage Sensor.
Be careful, and check that voltage sensor output *should not be above 5V*


== RSSI ==

RSSI information can be displayed from an analog source or a PWM source (like !FrSky receiver)

If your RSSI source is analog then connect it to PIN A2 (*be careful this source shouldn't provide voltage above 5V*), if it's numerical connect it to PIN 12.

----
= Specific configuration =

If you need to display the following things :

 * Flight mode (ATTI / GPS / ACRO / FAILSAFE)
 * Throttle percent
 * Flight time

Please note that PIN receiver assignment can't be change.


== Standard receiver ==

Connect receiver throttle wire to PIN 2 (Throttle percent / Flight time) and flight mode wire (normally this information come from receiver channel 5) to PIN 7


== PPM receiver ==

Connect receiver PPM wire to PIN 2